
Requirements for robot elements.

Drive Base:
        Teleop:
                all controls must conform and work the way DRIVERS wish.
                All tele-op controls must meet basic accuracy and objective goals
                TESTs:(add to as needed)
                        Driver will test the following (add to as needed)
                        1. Drive forward
                        2. Drive reverse
                        3. Turn in place left
                        4. Turn in place right
                        5. Drive forward with controlable curve to left and or right.
                        6. Accuratly drive forward > 1 meter and stop within 10 cm of desired position.
                        7. Accuratly turn 90 degrees in both directions to within 5 degrees of accuracy.

        Auto:
                1. Drive forward N centimeters, start with 100, accuracy to within 5%
                2. Turn 90 degrees left/right, accuracy to within 5%
                3. Drive backwards N centimeters
                4. Drive forward 2 meter, turn left 90deg drive 2 meter turn left 90 deg, drive 2 meter
                   turn left 90 deg drive 2 meter. Should end up within 25 cm of start position.
                5. Same test at 4 but with turn right
                6. Same tests as 4&5 but in reverse


Elevator:
        Elevator must have limit switch at bottom, at startup robot must move elevator SLOWLY to 
        limit and zero encoder.
        Teleop:
                all controls must conform and work the way DRIVERS wish.

               TESTS;
                1. elevator moves to zero position at rio startup, and zeros encoder.
                2. elevator can move smoothly and at reasonable speed to 4 pre-defined
                   positions  POS0 - POS3,controls for these will be determined by drivers/Mr. Monti.
                3. Upper limit is never exceeded

        Auto:
                1. Can move between 4 presets POS0-POS4 as commanded
                   sets flag when it is in position.

Arm:
        Arm must have limit switch in its retracted (safe) position.
        At startup robot will SLOWLY move arm to limit switch and zero encoders.
        Robot must stop arm from moving against limit switch, but allow movement away
        from switch.
        Teleop:
                all controls must conform and work the way DRIVERS wish.

                TESTS:
                1. Arm should have at least 2 positions, retracted (safe) and deployed.
                2. Driver controls should move smoothly between these positions.

        Auto:
                There is no elements for auto with the arm.

Winch:
        Winch is the one case where we assume a wound position upon startup, there is no
        safety for this.  It is fully operator controlled.

        Teleop:
                all controls must conform and work the way DRIVERS wish.
                1. Wind
                2. Unwind.



